Add bytecode verifier presentation to application developer guide. (#702)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/soar.rst

   Method inlining is performed after :ref:`method devirtualization <soar_method_devirtualization>`, so a virtual method call will be inlined 
   if there is a unique embedded implementation method that matches one of the inlined method code patterns.

> .. _soar_bytecode_verifier:

Reviewer: Missing changelog line to 8.1

Author: Added

> 

Reviewer: Please change the destination branch to architecture8.1

Author: Done

Bytecode Verifier
-----------------

> .. figure:: images/bytecode_verifier.png

Reviewer: We should simplify this schematic with unsupported languages. TBD

Author: Done

   :alt: Bytecode Verifier
   :align: center
   :scale: 80%

   Application Build Flow

> Bytecode Verifier is a piece of software that scrutinize the bytecode instructions for adherence to strict rules and constraints.

Reviewer: We may be able to improve the BV intro (using chatgpt ?)

Author: Any suggestion?

This process is crucial for preventing runtime errors, security vulnerabilities, and unexpected behavior.
The verifier performs tasks including:

- Type Checking: Verifying that variables and operands are used in a manner consistent with their declared data types, preventing type-related errors at runtime.

- Bytecode Structure: Ensuring the bytecode is well-formed and follows the structure required by the JVM, which helps prevent memory corruption and crashes.

- Stack Management: Checking that the operand stack used for calculations and evaluations is properly managed to prevent stack overflows or underflows.

- Access Control: Verifying that class access and method invocations adhere to Java's access control rules, ensuring data encapsulation and security.

- Exception Handling: Validating that exception handlers are correctly defined and that exceptions are caught and handled appropriately.

- Control Flow: Analyzing the flow of control within bytecode to detect anomalies in loops, branches, and jumps that could lead to program instability.

.. note:: 

>    Bytecode Verifier is disabled by default.

Reviewer: @jleroux @bguedas I'm thinking that Bytecode Verifier shall be 
- disabled by default during Executable build (prefer execution speed first: expected trusted code)
- and enabled by default during Feature build (prefere security first , this will not drastically increase the Feature build time)

Author: I agree

   Method inlining is performed after :ref:`method devirtualization <soar_method_devirtualization>`, so a virtual method call will be inlined 
   if there is a unique embedded implementation method that matches one of the inlined method code patterns.

.. _soar_bytecode_verifier:

Bytecode Verifier
-----------------

> Bytecode Verifier is the tool that scrutinize the bytecode instructions for adherence to strict rules and constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bytecode Verifier is the tool that scrutinizes the bytecode instructions for adherence to strict rules and constraints.
```

This process is crucial for preventing runtime errors, security vulnerabilities, and unexpected behavior.
It ensures that code loaded by the SOAR is in a consistent state before being linked.
Consequently, this guarantees the safe execution of the code by the Core Engine.

.. figure:: images/bytecode_verifier.png
   :alt: Application Build Flow with Bytecode Verifier
   :align: center
   :scale: 80%

   Application Build Flow with Bytecode Verifier

The verifier performs tasks including:

- Type Checking: Verifying that variables and operands are used in a manner consistent with their declared data types, preventing type-related errors at runtime.

- Bytecode Structure: Ensuring the bytecode is well-formed and follows the structure required by the JVM, which helps prevent memory corruption and crashes.

- Stack Management: Checking that the operand stack used for calculations and evaluations is properly managed to prevent stack overflows or underflows.

> - Access Control: Verifying that class access and method invocations adhere to Java's access control rules, ensuring data encapsulation and security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Access Control: Verifying that class accesses and method invocations adhere to Java's access control rules, ensuring data encapsulation and security.
```

- Exception Handling: Validating that exception handlers are correctly defined and that exceptions are caught and handled appropriately.

- Control Flow: Analyzing the flow of control within bytecode to detect anomalies in loops, branches, and jumps that could lead to program instability.

> Starting from :ref:`Architecture 8.1.0 <changelog-8.1.0>`, an implementation, derived from the `Apache BCEL Project <https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-bcel/>`_, is now included.

Reviewer 2: It was already the case before 8.1.0.

```suggestion
A default implementation, derived from the `Apache BCEL Project <https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-bcel/>`_, is included in the SOAR.
```

> If you wish to integrate an alternative (commercial) implementation, contact `our support team <https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_2>`_  for access to the SOAR interface API and integration instructions.

Reviewer 2: Has this message been validated by the governance?

Reviewer: ok we can remove commercial
